Update FAQ - Adding logs QA.md (#730)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/FAQ.md

# tail -n 1 /tmp/nginx-output.log
<30>1 2021-01-13T14:52:06.934860+01:00 ote unbound - LOG [SEKOIA@53288 intake_key="jOK5bMVXz5Iz7gfogQDbCcC7l7S2IrOs5"]  [596451:0] info: 127.0.0.1 intake.sekoia.io. A IN
```

# Logs
## Retention

> Logs are available and displayed for 90 days on SEKOIA.IO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs are available and displayed for 90 days in SEKOIA.IO.
```

## Archiving & Rehydratation

> Please contact `support@sekoia.io` for more information with description of your need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact `support@sekoia.io` for more information on archives and events rehydratation, with a clear description of your needs. 
```
